my name's Miranda and I am Maggie and
today we're going to show you two ways
on how to make belt balls I'm going to
show you my way by the thing I'm gonna
show you my way unaccounted-for my
technique you will need hot water soapy
water and any felt color file you would
like prefer preferably soft felt today
we are going to grab about that much
your felt and we need to pull it out so
it's if you hold it up to the Sun
there's no big spots and then hold it in
your phone grab the soapy water and
squirt it right in the middle over the
sink so it doesn't drip all over you and
I prefer prefer to keep a towel right
here at the edge so if you need to let
some time to wipe your hands
so we folded it all in to the soap and
then we just start rolling and once it's
at a good figure you take a hot water I
hold it like this cuz it's really hot
water and just pour it on and keep
rolling
and if you need to turn over water a
little bit and just rinse this out but
do it a light bit so it's not so harsh
can you just keep rolling and if you
feel the need to do another hot water
you can so the trick is just switching
back and forth from hot to cold water
and every time you start rolling to more
pressure
so I keep rolling and beat you wrap your
hands might get a little soapy so you
keep rolling wash it out and now I'm
going to move on to another hot water or
so it's nice and balanced and you just
keep doing that and doing that until you
feel it's the right size and right place
and once you have it on the way you
would like it you just wash it out wash
your hands too so lots of soapy and set
it out to dry okay so that one I
finished I have it the right tenderness
and now we just wash it off make sure
and then put it in my drying pile and
then wash your hands flip any leftover
soap I'm going to show you how to make
felt balls out of dust first you take
whichever color itself you want then you
rip out a small portion now you pull it
in part and so there's no big clumps in
it in one zone
now you kick some soap and for the small
amount in the center now I take my hands
and rub it and bring it in and start to
make it into a bowl
once you get into the shape you want
kind of like a circle doesn't have to be
perfect but kind of like a circle then
you take your hot water and you pour it
over your bowl but you don't want to
burn your finger so it'll grab it at the
Sun and now I'm going to roll it again
if you like try to make it into a ball
as like it now see how it's very Sophie
we need to clean this off let's bring it
in cool water and we're going up squeeze
it
this is not three times then keep on
rolling it
as you keep on rolling it push a little
bit harder every so often so the ball
starts to condense more this is and now
I'm going to put it in the pile with all
my drawing balls once it's done and dry
you can now have your finished product
of a felt ball